[Music]
ho ho
ho I'm flying through the Moonlight
flying when the sun comes up fly with me
and Med kick stop sticking got that fire
purple take two PFF to O sugar get your
jelly beans a drop is all that's needed
bumping the night over Kim's moonshine
Bak is Bine with magic and fly see you
on the dark side of the moon eyes in the
sky fire of Lucifer Ty and purple
perfume intoxication Fire King
Charlamagne sugar scull poisonous kiss
Amazon ladies with weapons from Hades
love is the drug that drives to all
crazy Warrior goddess B dance with a
skir of pennies Cobra Venom got them on
the flash out then they're in a trance
Lady Justice didn't disappear she just
moved camp we still flying
welcome back to Lady Babylon boy we
barely got the Falcon off look at that
are we back chewy are we back yeah tell
us people if you can see and hear us
fantastic we barely got off the ground
on that one welcome to the special lady
Bab on this is Christmas with almond oh
God it's going to be so much fun it's
going to be so much fun we have a
completely prepped poop hole to throw
people into I absolutely love this it's
going to be absolutely a inspiring we've
got a whole bunch of Clips a whole bunch
of Clips to show you that we want to
share with everybody on this glorious
Christmas uh we love it we love that
Christ Mass don't we we love the Christ
inhale the Muse in fact indeed indeed to
the Muse and to chewy now I don't know
if anybody noticed but chewy is taking
Teddy's music and just bringing it this
visual pop it's fantastic absolutely
fantastic so keep it up and Merry
Christmas
Teddy base please everybody Merry
Christmas say a say a shout out to Teddy
who provides all all the music hail
Satan ride Merry Christmas hail Satan
can I whip you oh God I knew you were
GNA ask that yes yes we will take formal
requests for whippings tonight right
whippings for
everyone everyone gets a whipping you
get a whipping you get a whipping you
get a whipping everybody does we love it
who's the first whipping go to we're St
Maryland where's St Maryland we St
Maryland right off the bat come on chewy
bring up hello St
Maryland St Maryland where'd you go St
Maryland thank you for coming tonight
please consider this a great compliment
consider it a great compliment I want to
give you the first the very first piece
of this horse whip Marilyn and I want to
say you knew somehow you prophetically
knew take it
baby you knew Marilyn didn't you
capitalism brought it to us an old you
know this fascism it's going to sweep it
right away oh did you think you were
coming to the last free
Christmas oh congratulations people it's
December
2024 and the historians are looking back
on
you love it we're going to give
everybody remember there's a naughty
list and some of us love the naughty
list we love the naughty list didn't you
think we were going to have some kind of
punishment yes
exactly exactly Everybody by the way if
you have not read A Clockwork Orange yet
buy yourself or steal one online I don't
care get it to yourself feed your brain
love it is that what happened at
Christmas yes tonight I'm going to force
you with eyes wide open to look at
Christmas
right right in that ending do you
understand it's apocalyptic so we're
starting from the ending I want you to
look at it and I'm going to do that
first by bringing you the first Spirit
of Almond's Christmas hail
Satan who is the first spirit that I'm
bringing you tonight I'm bringing
you Dr Carl rck now I'm bringing you
something that he has done
already that people I think just didn't
catch they just didn't catch and I just
want you to see what a truly good human
being does with their life Essence
people remember I told you there's two
types there's those who were classical
philologists who read those Greek texts
and those who don't right those who
aren't and
don't Carl rock is one of those who
does and that's why he can bring us
Santa Claus tonight everybody with with
e with everybody celebrating the great
cause can we please can we please be
enlightened just for a minute about who
this Santa Claus is can you hit us with
the first Carl Ruck
clip
tonight so it's the
holidays and I'm thinking about
mushrooms psychedelic
mushrooms the amonita muscaria to be
exact most commonly associated with
fairies
gnomes aliceon Wonderland and
Mario so what does this magical mushroom
have to do with Christmas it's it's
surprising that uh it's taken so long
for the popular imagination to to
Encompass who Santa Claus is that's Carl
Ruck a scholar known for his work on the
influential role hallucinogenic plants
have played in mythology and
religion and he believes this mushroom
may be one of the reasons we have flying
reindeer and an all- knowing man who
flies around the globe every
winter maybe there's another story worth
telling this season one about a
psychedelic mushroom eating Shaman from
the
Arctic yes a
psychedelic eating Shaman
whose urine attracts the
raineer you know which ones I'm talking
about those flying ones you know what I
mean there is something people what have
we been talking about um uh we've been
talking about the use of a poly Pharmacy
that involves transforming the human
body into a dispensary of drugs do you
remember everybody what Santa does
before he comes down your chimney he
urinates in a little circle around his
clothes right and the reindeer come and
they drink that urine he's processed for
them that which Nature has given for us
all to reach that capacity to find that
Beyond yeah and it all comes through
Santa Claus through Santa Claus isn't
that nice now imagine if this can be
true about Santa
Claus what can be true about Jesus
Claus I'm gonna show you that but first
let's hit just get the vapors of Carl
Rock's words isn't it his voice is
gorgeous oh God every time it's like
he's got a
constant smile of well-being little Aura
when you're around them ah God what is
with this guy right oh let's give it
give it to him again I can feel it
everybody in congregation feel this I I
mean I think if you don't know um the
richness of of our folkloric tradition
you are missing a large part of um the
opportunity you have to know who we are
as a culture and we should know what's
going on with Santa Claus it makes it
more
fun maybe this Christmas we can make
room for one more
Story one about mushrooms Shaman and
ancient
rituals maybe we should be asking Santa
for something different this year
something more in the tradition of his
Shaman
forefathers like time for reflection and
looking
inward this is the me to
mcar like the nose on
[Music]
Rudolph yeah what's going to take us to
that place that he's talking about it's
access to those sources right this man
is a guardian is a guardian of those
sources and he respects those who go
directly to them and
dislikes any sort of
merchandising I think that's like why he
likes me I think that's why he likes me
and I think I can say that he likes me
because I think he likes me um and yeah
thank you Carl Rock for fighting for
years for decades to get people to look
at the drug
Thank You For Fighting decades with
people telling you to your face you're
off right shame on you something's wrong
with you right you're off no no right
fantastic thank you Carl rck now I want
to give you a little bit of oh Glorious
this is glorious
people this is a person who I just
wanted to throw you some somebody at our
banquet you know here's a cookie here's
a cookie what's this Cookie's name yeah
it's Witch Doctor cookie witch doct
cookie and guys and gals this is full of
reason this is full of Reason are you
ready for this thank you Carl Ruck thank
you Carl Ruck for doing what you did
where's that article by the way um this
is by Travis kitchens people article
came out what we do is Secrets part one
the night Watchman he's tracking oh
you're going to love it if you have any
interest in the history of psychedelics
and that kind of thing um my own
personal take his first 40% is actual
article before he gets to the interview
oh my God some of the things you're
going to see in there and you're gonna
have questions you're gonna be oh yeah
this makes sense remember people this is
all built on a the foundation of a
discipline an academic discipline
that did not want to concern itself with
drugs and drug use and so this was
completely wiped from history right and
it took people like Carl Ruck stepping
forward and like alond I'll take a pat
on the back I think that's fair to say
chemical Muse you can take it you know
what I mean you can take that Muse
that's what I'm going to show you
tonight that's what I'm going to show
you tonight before we get to before we
get get to our next clip let me show you
this Greek really quick people give me
the first Greek people this is bades yes
yes you got it this is
billes
right um late um late 6th early 5th
early to mid fth and what is he doing
he's a competitor baby he's a competitor
um uh with pend art I mean this is this
is lyric poetry and when I say lyric
poetry I wanted you to hear guitars I
want want you to hear guitars and who
does this guitarist from Antiquity at
the height at the height of Athenian
culture who does he give
us where is democracy born from it's
born from an environment where this
person is
singing
proas proas he's saying about a prophet
and the prophet says I am the prophet of
God I am the Divine
prophet of the
muses who are
eoic and you say EO blck what does that
mean those who have the EOS in their
eyes those who have the EOS in their
eyes you see we've told the world world
people hail Satan that Christ is a
drug see it it's the crack it's the
crack that brings down the message of
monest Christianity and monest Judaism
it brings them down the
reality of this is
devastating it's
devastating
fantastic whose eyes are this we're
looking for did you get image of her
where is she did you already bring her
up I missed her I missed her she was
real did people want to see but bring
her up again people look at this Welcome
to our Christmas show Welcome who is
this I don't know what her name is but
no no I'm talking about the the Venom in
the eyes right yes so right we have to
show people right people this is modern
Venom in your eyes when I talk about
Venom in your eyes from
Antiquity when I talk about the burning
purple and your
eyes I'm going to be talking about
reality and I want to show you a modern
here here She is you're probably staring
at her right in the face right get this
swin bik thing going man hurry up
somebody's gonna hit me in there
Tesla is she even up there yet oh they
can see her all right um what is this
woman doing she is nor Northern India
right and what is she doing she's
putting Cobra Venom into her eyes
directly
directly yes yes I love you too Robin
Fantastic look at her look at her
putting applying people so when I say oh
these people were applying Venoms to
their eyes in the forms of christing
drugs don't be surprised baby it's real
it's real look at them this is a
christing operation the only difference
is she's just using the Venom and I
don't know if they're little additives
that they have you know what I mean I
don't know if there's others but the
recipes I read about are compound baby
they're crising with compound stuff
sometimes there's like seven Venoms in
these things right so here's the Cobra
doing its thing says her eyes are better
than ever you know what I mean keeps her
healthy they dance a lot I noticed
watching a documentary they dance a lot
and they sing and they look like they're
you know entering that place I love
it dancing and singing and Cobra Venom
right fantastic give me the next um
we're going to go to the clip chewy
let's go to the clip here everybody
Welcome everybody welcome which
absolutely wrong about nisos NEOS is a
dimin form of neas which means youth or
young man the suffix scull in Greek is a
dimin of meaning it add typically adds a
sense of smallness use or affection to
the root word so nanas is a young man or
youth could be late teens early 20s so
nisos means even younger than that the
formative teen years or younger yes this
is somebody that looks exactly like like
this this artist over here clearly
understands that this kid is
prepubescent look at that finally
someone stepped forward I've been
telling you for ages it's a
kid right and the whole emphasis is on
his pubertal development or lack thereof
his level of
immaturity and
everybody everybody's been gathered
around you heard him satanic
congregation I love witch doctor too
thank you green donut or whatever that
was um thank you um witch doctor is
pointing out something just with
reasoning right but it's the same thing
I've been giving you so it's good to see
that people are catching up out there
and they don't let other people get away
with shoddy well what should be
journalism but it's not it is marketing
getting you to do things taking your
tourist dollars in whatever area you
want to go do you understand right it's
a
fleecing it's a faing in the back alley
in the back alley let's let's get a
little bit more of which doctor I want
to get another one hit
me and then when we see our scene from
Cops when they bust them in the [ __ ]
Garden doing this ritualistic stuff with
these [ __ ] teenager
kids it's like look you have to really
dance hard around it for this to be some
PG rated biblical story in Greek this
this [ __ ] fairy tale narrative bro
you're like you're pretending like this
[ __ ] never happened oh it's just it's
funny as [ __ ] all right
all right thank you for the dramatic
that one has the dramatic music right um
it's at this point that I'm supposed to
say supposedly I say something it was
the financial thing right people let no
it's the next one oh was the next one
okay um listen people just listen to the
reason all right try to hear try to hear
what's happening people are catching up
right and once you realize once you've
caught up and you realize people have
been well taking advantage of you
right I'm going to tell you this one
more
time there are those who can do the
ancient Greek and I'm not talking about
people who took a couple of years as
grad students at a
Bible College I'm talking about people
who have committed to classical
philology and it's those people who are
reaching those sources that you've never
read it is pure
unadulterated science a
Christ is a drug meant to blast you into
a Quantum
reality do you understand
welcome oh God they have to be shown
their own cult it's Christmas time this
is Almond's Christmas present to you
people to show you your own cult oh give
me the last one we have one more don't
we of yeah yeah fantastic wish doctor go
ahead I am disappointed in both of y'all
at the
presentation the receipts and everything
that you brought to the table and then
Derek not to mention you can't just say
you have 10 Greek philosophy uh
classicist Majors that that disagree
with Aman and then not State who they
are you stated one guy who told you a
passage from Galatians and perhaps the
insinuation that he doesn't agree with
everything that's happening there but
you also are talking to people who have
jobs that work in an industry where if
you piss people off you lose your job
like a man I'm going to believe the guy
who's willing to sacrifice himself to
get a message out is getting zero
financial gain from YouTube so he says
so he says well let me just put an out
there one more time this channel is not
monetized it is not part of a
moneymaking operation what I do here is
completely grus and I must do that let
me tell you one more time just in case
just in case it slips anybody's mind you
I can't believe you are playing my
that it must be witch doctor I presume
right witch doctor thank you it's nice
nice to have you I thought I would Dole
out a couple of your Clips as presents
right to the congregation fantastic
everybody round of applause for witch
doctor's gonna give us the reality no
it's very important the devil says no
money right what I give you is is pure
no money involved soon as the money gets
tainted right gets into that spring the
spring is Tainted and you are the
Perpetual bottom
servant of your Creed that's how it
works I had a very wealthy person come
to me and ask me for help with purging
him of all of his material
gain guess what
what you
can't it's a stain that has to be washed
off with the power of the cosmic
Purge yeah no hope for you right sell
everything you have and give it to the
poor and follow me do you know why he
said
that oh God do you understand these are
Mysteries we're dealing with a concrete
reality in history they are mystery cult
operations people and we're here with
Santa Claus to give them to you and now
I'm hungry I want to show you the future
I want to show you the future where is
Bob bring up Bob's picture please bring
up Bob people of satanic
congregation this is
the Exorcist Bob Bob lson this is the
Exorcist Bob Larson I will be meeting
Bob in
Florida along with Danny Jones and I
wanted you in this is in January just in
a couple of weeks as a matter of fact um
this should be our last Lady Babylon
until I return from my
discussion and soul reaping
of Bob
lson
aka Big
Bob the ex
Communicator oh God is that what it is
it's kind of like sending out that demon
it's kind of like exercising that demon
you know what I mean okay so let's see
what is this going to be this isn't a
debate I Got No Room people I Got No
Room for debate
I Got No Room for academics who are
afraid to say things because it'll May
cost them a job you see I'm free I'm
Ronin fantastic so nobody can hold me
back that's why it's hilarious when
people make videos in an attempt to
slander do you know I don't care I don't
work for
anyone do you like that I'm roning baby
oh you love it that's what drives you
that's what brings you to me because you
want that you want that freedom let me
show you the freedom I got baby hello
there eat your
dinner oh God it's lovely don't you love
it don't you love the art I love it I
can stare right into it all night long
look at it give me the next one chewy we
need to go to our sources here um I want
everybody go that's fine that's good I
want everybody just to take oh did weit
what was I doing I got so excited with
the devil coming to dinner I forgot
about Bob oh how rude of me I'm a shame
on you oh
shame I like
it okay let's do it where's Bob we want
Bob no
no we want Bob um people why am I doing
this to show you
this is not going to be a debate this is
not going to be a discussion this is not
this is new you will see the rending of
Soul yes you will see the
reaping the reaping of the human
soul oh God it turns your dragon on
doesn't
it oh God it turns your dragon on
let's do it let's do it right nothing's
nothing silly give me the video now
somehow Satan has the ability to
transmute spiritual energy into some
kind of physical phenomenon that seems
tangible to our eyes I don't know how
that happened you know E equals mc²
Einstein's theory of relativity the
matter and energy interchangeable does
the devil knows how to do something like
that
hello are we back oh god I've got some
kind of I've got some kind of hyperspace
sickness or something um I didn't hear a
thing he said but you did um oh is it
the chewy giv me the indication devil
and
what oh rise
R okay fantastic Bob you found us out
you found us out that's that's that's
great um Bob we're not s we're not no no
um we have the Antichrist Bob and I'm
gonna bring you the Antichrist and I'm
gonna give it to you Bob and we're gonna
watch it we're gonna watch it work it's
fantastic you'll love it Bob you'll love
it shed some
tears oh God give me the next clip we
have one more or two more Bob two more
give me the second one to Bob maybe I'll
see this one chewy let me
concentrate Galatians 19 20-21 says this
I'm going to quote it in the King James
version you may not catch all these
words look them up
later but they're so
pungent now the works of the flesh are
manifest which are these adultery
fornication uncleanness
lasciviousness idolatry witchcraft
hatred variance emulations
wrath Strife seditions heresies envyings
murders drunkenness
reings and such
like wow what a nasty
list of various kinds of behavior that
are utterly demonic that are and the
word is right there witchcraft note that
word
all right all right um Galatians right
oh God that's one of the best best bits
of Greek that shows the mystery openly I
mean it's like the
best one chunk
glance at what the mystery incorporates
what its actual physical activities are
and one of them that he's translated
is
witchcraft is the
Pharmaca right the drugs do you
understand why this man doesn't realize
the Christ is a drug and when he
does when I show him because that's all
we're gonna do all I'm gonna do is take
him the Bible the Bible inside and out
backwards and forwards Bible you know
what I mean every orifice is going to
have Bible in it do you
understand obvious right to the
face right to the
face Bob give me one more Bob give me
one more boom one of the best ways you
can get your life straightened out in
these kinds of age this this kind of
times in which we live is to have a
personal encounter a personal encounter
with me I can do it virtually I can do
it in person or you can meet with one of
our associate ministers or will refer
you to one of our deliverance teams but
get some help so from all of us here
Merry Christmas to you and thank you for
sitting down and praying about sharing a
special yearend gift with this ministry
to help us start the next year on a good
solid Financial footing so we can do
even more for the Lord to see people get
free stay free and live free
all right all right did you see that
there in the end you can schedule if you
can dig deep enough into your pockets of
Faith you can
schedule you can schedule a personal
encounter now come on Ed come on Ed give
the guy a little come
on you guys are getting squeamish cuz
you know what Jesus and the apostles
were up to now right
and it's you know it's kind of you can
feel the creepiness behind it oh God
donate people aren't you glad I don't
have to stand here and say
donate right and it's really because I
it's not just because it's a principle
you know kind of a moral matter here
right but it gives me a freedom I don't
have to sell you anything including
tours of any place on the planet I don't
have to sell you that I don't want you
to buy anything baby I love you you know
what I mean that was some Southern
Comfort there that was some Southern
Comfort you love it people want the Mojo
they want Christmas Mojo can you please
get this D out of me over the
phone why who who is that senthia what a
gorgeous Name by the way that's a
gorgeous ancient name love it um Cynthia
why would you want that demon why would
you want I tell you what we can show you
how to keep that demon
there oh let's get
beyond the Christmas Mojo to the PO Hall
we need somebody to throw into that
thing right now people you've got to
realize the satanic mission is always is
always to expose the
reality right everything everything I'll
give you everything give me the
reality that's all you want you don't
want to be lied to right you don't want
to be lied to now I'm going to say one
comment it's going to make a lot of
people mad but a lot of people have been
telling me Oh everything that you say is
fantastic and infate and some of them
say genius
except except your understanding of
trump the
fur and I look around and I think did
nobody
see did nobody see that Superman the old
one is all about
what truth justice in the American
way something
happened we started loving the lies and
what happens when you love the lies you
invoke Nemesis and what we're about to
get Beyond this last free
Christmas ah God is going to shock you
it's going to shock you but but it will
be very very informative so hang in
there hang in there and as it's
happening oh God count the sacrifices
together with me count the
sacrifices oh God if I were you I would
tow that line says Lucifer what's that I
asked you sister what's that you wanted
Santa Claus you wanted Santa Claus
bringing present are you ready look for
the sister of L lufer that's who you
need what is she where's her Chariot
bring her up bring her up chewy I'm
about to show you a little bit of this a
little bit of this come on in people who
is this depiction of it's a goddess very
famous very famous this is the
deasa do you understand the
deasa what did they call Media when she
was alive they called her the Wana or
the
deasa that
queen that
hress she is the one whose knowledge
goes
beyond she is the one who knows the way
she was called the
Savior the prophetic
Christ I just showed you a line where
prophecy as old as the sixth century is
defined by the application of a drug to
the
eyes 600
years it's already
established what the Christ is the
savior is coming
people I told you the Greek words that
you translated
gospel EP angelan
eelan do you know what those mean they
mean the efficacy of the drug under
which you are
influenced its efficacy what is its
gospel it's the gospel of
Salvation when you're looking at the
drugs of flesh and blood
welcome to the Christmas
idolatry yes H Sophia oh I like that I
like that that's gorgeous hell Sophia
lovely chewy let's hit people with just
a couple of Christmas sources just a
couple of Christmas sources give me that
one I people tonight I'm going to give
you a new word and then a passage in
which that word exists this is the word
prophetes you can already hear prophet
in it right look one who speaks for a
god it's also the official keepers of
the Oracles of so and so right an
interpreter an expounder A proclaimer A
Herald look at the very very very bottom
after the inspired preacher and
teacher what do we have there at the
very bottom herbalist tacked on there at
the very end just kind of like well what
do we do with
this right okay I want you to track
where the drugs go and the drugs go
straight through the prophecy prophets
put drugs not only in their eyes they
put them on their
garments that's why you should never
touch
them you don't know that you can't read
the Bible and you're liable to follow a
fairy tale explanation that is not the
anthropological reality of you your
religion give it to me give me the next
one oh God I'm going to work it up
people because this is look at this okay
you just saw the word Prophet right you
just saw the word prophet and by the way
that Prophet is what the poet guitarist
is called do you know who sees
beforehand it's always the
musician it's always the musician I want
you to look at who puts that burning
purple in the eyes this is traditionally
translated Violet Violet right the
Violet
eyed Graces and Muses who is Apollo who
is Apollo he's the leader the
mustis he's the leader of the muses do
you know what makes the world go around
the fact that Apollo is that ero
drive that love did you know the devil
was both love and the god of the guitar
kind of makes sense doesn't it sort of
make sense yes it does what is
lucifera the Devil's sister what is she
portrayed as caring she's portrayed as
carrying that KRA did you know that
Artemus the Mistress of the
Hunt is also the Mistress of the
guitar fantastic and if you today if you
today have any association if you have
any association with the The Guild of
healing gods you'll understand the music
and its
relevance right music Is A Healer can
you believe that imagine a society
That's So Sophisticated they understand
this music is
healing music is healing oh love it it's
also perative it's also bakic and
lucifera brings that bakic music do you
understand the
twins right he gives over every third
year to
her and we get bakic music and who is
she by the way she's that torch wielding
Huntress she's that torch wielding
Huntress that is
sexy now remember who are these cultures
that we're talking about these are the
cultures that are producing that
EOS right and that EOS then is allowing
them to do things like give
birth
wow it's a mystery no it's not a mystery
because you can't understand it it's a
mystery because it is an operation that
brings you to a stage of completeness
I'm sorry but for this Christmas I'm
giving you a mirror and that mirror says
you are un
entiated you are
unclean and do you know what must happen
you must have the cup you must have the
cup the devil's cup must be restored
or you will
die in your ignorance and to Ley you
will
go that's what they said that's what
they said isn't that gorgeous and it's
all in the Greek baby and if you don't
know what a Christ is it's because
you've never read any of these text and
you've been educated as a new testament
scholar
right remember people with Bob and I
know that you'll be thinking about me
when Bob as a matter of fact um chewy
will be there with me as well right
watching in the background watching
Steve do his thing hello Steve by the
way merry Christmas to the merry
Christmas to the
duo dynamic duo of Danny Jones and
Steve
AKA Danny's
chewy all right fantastic oh God Merry
Christmas hail Satan to that Merry
Christmas right love it can we get Saint
can we get St Manson in there one more
time come here he needs a little bit
more he looks a little down let's pep
him up give me St Manson oh God you love
it you love it see you brought it out
you brought out the vein of that future
and it was brilliant man it was
brilliant and now you feel the Lash you
feel the Lash and it's painful and it's
painful but you know you know where the
Integrity lies don't you Mr Manson
knows he knows the Naughty from the
nice and he knows it's got nothing to do
with money
Integrity cannot be bought can't be
bought you have it or you don't and you
know it St Manson knows it he knows it
he knows
fantastic what some of them will use you
Merry Christmas yes that's right
everybody shout out now let's keep going
with our sources my God man don't get
too distracted with your with your l see
people I want to show you very esoteric
text nobody's going to give this to you
you're only going to get this here oh
God I forgot before we do that I need
somebody bring in the Unix this is from
acts 8:38 and I'll just translate it to
you you know this is philli and a unic
you know what I mean they jumped out of
the Chariot and both of them went down
into the water both philli and the unic
oh God and he baptized that unic
oh he he baptized the unic it was a
quick stop off on the way um but there's
a problem here uh the
baptism you will think that baptism is
you know a church thing and he shows up
the Little River and people do this and
Israelis will sell you on this as well
by the way Israelis and I know many
because I live with in Israel for a year
and I can tell you at least the on that
I knew hated religion right and what was
their idea of Americana it's a bunch of
Rich gble
Knuckleheads you want to be thrown into
the Jordan by the way you don't get sick
holy Mel you want to be thrown into the
Jordan you're a ridiculous tourist
that's what you are you're a ridiculous
tourist oh my God ridiculous and that's
what they think right I can't I can't
fault that that's a pretty realistic
look right it's a pretty realistic
look
yeah let's go let's go give me the next
one I love it this is ESO oh
and again last one what happens with the
unic the unit comes out of water right
they both come out and
the that Holy Spirit the spirit of the
Lord that thing that you get when you
get visions that thing grabbed Phillip
and took him off into the void and what
happened the poor unit comes out he's
like what where oh God but that's okay
because he ran off you know what I mean
he's just happy as he can be oh God unic
boy right running off and nobody nobody
stops to look at what's Happening Here
nobody stops to look at it do you
realize what you just saw do you realize
what you just saw how many Unix are
there by the way out there please
satanic congregation if you are a unic
or been made a unic for the Kingdom of
Heaven
please please give me a shout out and if
you're not just give a shout out of
praise for those who are those who are
do you see what real Christianity is do
you see what real Rabbi Judaism
is UNIX for the Kingdom of
Heaven pass the
purple yaron for ages they've been
saying Violet eyed for
ages do you know what the reality is
it's
poison it's
venomade and are you ready are you ready
for the poisoning oh God oh God give me
the next one give me some esoteric stuff
please the bible stuff
is I can't you know just it's just so
darn
disgusting you know what I mean it's
just oh God baptism and everybody's
running around baptism baptism like you
even know what that is right oh my God
look at this verb I'm going to give it
to you before the sacred passage Palo
what does it mean to strew or sprinkle
to be sprinkle notice of liquids talk
about sprinkling liquids or smearing
liquids look oh to be smear to be smear
to cover something lightly are people
seeing that we're getting close to the
christing are people seeing what we're
doing with these substances this is one
of those handling words we're handling
those substances okay okay here's the
passage I just want you to see what it
is are you ready keep that word in mind
Palo right oh God here we go look at
this people now
every people you can please take some
Delight in this every Christian scholar
of the New Testament every person in
here who is a
monest will who says that they have some
Greek well look at this and not be able
to do a single word I promise you as a
seasoned
classicist
right go ahead read it boys Dan Kip do
your jobs read this can you tell what it
[Laughter]
is no they cannot no they cannot not a
word take it down and blow me up for one
second I'm sorry blow me up for one
second
people do you want to have the entire
question of whether the Old Testament
was first written in Greek or Hebrew do
you want to have that whole thing just
solved right now just look at the first
two verses of Genesis look at them which
by the way it's a Greek name look at the
first two verses of
Genesis in the beginning God created the
Heaven
in the earth what's number
two the Earth was without form and void
in Hebrew that's toou woho and those
both mean empty and that's why the King
James translators translate as without
form and void what's the [ __ ]
difference oh excuse me don't say the f
word
people shame on me
[Music]
naughty son of a
go back to the text to wabu is what it
is in the Hebrew translation of the
Greek what is the Greek original
AOS and
AOS those are two totally different
words meaning totally different things
but they are part of the scaffolding of
the cosmic theogony so it makes perfect
sense in a Greek document you can't take
those two words and shove them into two
Hebrew madeup words that mean the same
thing right there just by Logic people
you don't need to get into a spaceship
travel through time you don't need
to it's right in the language people
will catch up just like they did with
the Nanos remember how many people were
telling us it's not not a young man it's
a 30-year-old some prudish
Victorian from the past some unsatis
fine person I can hear them they're
probably from England crying out in the
wilderness oh save
me Crack me open
devil they'll catch up with Christ
a
drug they'll catch up with the
Nanos a prepubescent
boy and they'll know that Jesus was
arrested in a public park
screaming I am not a child trafficker
while a naked kid runs
off yes it's in the Bible people I can't
wait by the way I am going to ask Bob
that question I'm going to show him
right I'm going to show him Jesus doing
his thing right this is the kind
of people this is nuclear you cannot get
past this there is no solution anybody
who tries to unravel this it's going to
explode and everybody goes up all the
Christianity all the Judaism all the
monest tendency goes right into the air
they're based on one Mystery One mystery
and if you don't know what the Mysteries
are doing how the hell do you think
you're even close to anything that is
original you're not you're blind and the
devil has given me through his gorgeous
gorgeous sister access to your
text shame on you for not guarding them
shame on
you that that was too much give me the
next next Source people thank you I know
this is Christmas and we have to decide
who to put in the poophole so we're
getting close to the end we've got to do
that Hil Satan look let me see those
pearly whites that's gorgeous that's
gorgeous I love it devil takes bath you
know Devil's not big on dirtiness I'm
gonna give you another really esoteric
this is the one I didn't translate did I
no I didn't translate that first did I
miss that one did I
TR that was okay
okay oh god look on the second line the
first word Aon what is an
Aon if I told you that was a Nanos who's
at the height of his Bloom would you be
surprised that the sentence says oh that
tender flashed virgin and when they say
virgin they mean developmental virgin do
you understand they don't mean somebody
who's hasn't been had intercourse they
mean a developmental virgin again we're
talking a young age here what is she
doing oh she's tender fleshed she's
grabbing the boy with their arms just
infolding him pulling him into her
breast that is full of
Desire wait a minute I thought you said
this is a
sacred cult orphic text it is are you
surprised they have sex in it when
you've seen all the New Testament
sex come on don't be surprised you know
where
I'm where I'm getting this is just from
these ancient sources baby right I love
it by the way most people think this
text is contemporary with the earliest
Christian
writings right good
fantastic give me the next one chewy
look at this definition here look at
this definition I don't think we did
that first one AOS what is an
Athos that a for my Greek students is
really an
AA which means
always this boy is always God do you
understand what is God I can't believe
we've known each other my beloved
congregation for more than two years and
I haven't yet told you what the Greeks
defined as
God God is that which is
green God is that which is
blossoming God is that which is
fruiting do you understand why the fruit
of the tree of
Zoe is so
important you thought it was money you
lived your life and you thought it was
money you thought it was
money no it turns out it's Zoe's
fruit it's Zoe's fruit oh God are you
ready for this give me another I don't
think we I don't think I translated that
first esoteric text Sweetie um give me
the next one do you call chewy sweetie
yeah get off my back he she's
a give me yeah go ahead throw it up
there a toy men oh yeah a a toy men
mean isn't that nice to the men me right
fyy a o
isn't that listen to the meter in that
oo for those of you who are doing the
damer right this is the stuff listen to
that oh
God BM
Oh
anyway look the daughter of helius you
know people say the daughter of helius
use
this metal
it's a metal that they're talking about
use this metal as an
assistant right in her work and what
kind of work does she do she pal
remember that word pal that we were
looking
at right what is she doing she's
bringing the g into existence and I
think I gave I think I gave the
definition so people would see this is
from the verb fgo meaning to bewitch to
apply drugs to yourself sometimes in the
eyes in order to charm yourself as you
see in the
apocalypse it is a spell but I want you
to notice the second line people because
I'm G to open up something new in your
head are you ready are you ready for
this look at the word
music it's used used of music music is
medicine music is
Salvation music is the
drug if you can treat your patients with
drugs by combining different
simples in order to treat specific
symptoms you can
also tune your music to treat the
public you can tune your music to treat
the public you can be purged with this
cup the cup of the
Apocalypse is
music oh God oh God
what is I told he told me he's like
Zoe's hot man I'm like I get it devil I
get it I understand what you're doing I
understand what you're doing you're
being honest with her that's all that
matters you're opening her eyes you know
Yahoo's going to turn her into a sex
slave oh you didn't know that's what Eve
was
for my God people read the thing
read it Merry
Christmas Merry Christmas Eve was
supposed to be a
prostitute for
Yahoo making his man the
Invincible
Adamas has nothing to do with Hebrew
It's All Greek fantastic love it love it
don't you love it when you hear the
native and all that BS fairy tale can
just be washed away
don't you love it where's that ult
magician he's going to love it what's
this Witch Doctor Witch Doctor telling
you love this stuff baby don't you you
love it it's squeezing like that give it
to me couple more people just for
Christmas I want to give you these and
then we're going to throw some people in
the poop hole ready because I promised
you that give
me is he done with his teeth
yet is he done let me get the
should I sing Jingle Bells I don't think
so I want people to have a Christmas
full of rock are you ready pull it out
of your teeth devil here it comes oh God
do you see this is what I poverty people
I'm telling you I am genuinely I am
genuinely poor here we go
oh God if you really want to hear that
demonic voice do as I said in order that
that
Miracle may be learned in your
brain right in your Frey in your
FR bring it take that thing that
thma and trans F that image into your
breast and when you do you'll hear the
demoniac
voice I told you it's a cult taex baby
remember when the Virgin Mary is sitting
there looking at her purple fingers and
all of a sudden she's assaulted by Jesus
he's like Boo right no was it Jesus I I
don't know it couldn't have been Jesus
cuz you know he was the he was the one
who was inside of her after she got out
of the temple pregnant right so it
couldn't have been that it must have
been one of those angels it's a voice
remember and he she's yeah she runs
inside oh right I'm telling you people
the burning purple has a
way of bringing you access to this voice
and it is a demoniac voice and I'm as
sure as I am sitting here standing here
tonight
let me tell you
Bob
Bob do you want to hear the demon voice
Bob do you want to hear it oh God
imagine this people what if instead of
Bob exercising my demon what if I put
one in
him you know you want to Che you know
you want to no sh I can't wait sh don't
say anything sh
quiet don't say anything people you ruin
it Bob will run right he'll come down
with some sort of debilitating problem
he'll miss the he'll miss the whole
thing okay
um it's too late anyway he probably went
to bed he has to edit his own stuff
right he obviously doesn't have an
editor give me this the next one whoever
is next third to last here we go people
another one little birthday I mean Jesus
birthday present right here we go yeah I
know it's not oh look at oh people it's
a madeup it's a madeup term I just want
you to see it o right this work that you
and I are looking at this esoteric work
about sex and drugs and all sorts of
curatives and snakes and oh God I'm
seeing this giant snake and I'm afraid
of the Venom I'll make you unafraid of
the Venom remember Jesus Christ when he
says I'll give you snakes man you'll
drink the death death drug the death
inducer and it won't kill
you fantastic this is them and they're
coming off with terms that we can't even
Define a kind of stone no no no
something is not a kind of stone no it's
not just tell me is it a what is it what
kind of stone is it don't tell me it's
like oh yeah we don't really know what
it is because it's not look at the Roo
oh Street and you're going to see the
sigma toal row of the
oyas these are the
stones that they're using in their
drugs and what is a stone you want to
hear the original are you ready for this
you seminarian sit down what is a
stone it is that which is the product of
the
earth do you understand all of us have a
stone know right in
here it is a product of the earth and we
are children of Earth and Sky of Gaia
and uranos and that is why in the
beginning was Gia and
uranos there is no
Hebrew in the Old
Testament
that is a lie
but it had to be propped up right both
the Jewish Mon and the Christians had to
prop it up or it wouldn't survive
neither of their religions can survive
without it you have
to believe that there is a line of
descent of the holy word and it comes
Moses and this is truly the book of
Moses once you see through the fairy
tale that they by the way saw through an
Antiquity as well when you see through
that fairy tale then you can stand up
and be free right that's free I'm not
charging you for that right you're not
getting any of that that's Freedom baby
love it oh it feels so good it makes me
want to do something oh God it's burning
up Can you feel it it's hot hey there
devil man hey there nice what is that
thing Chey can you tell me what is the
devil holding tonight over his what I
think that's a serpent I it's the
serpent daughter
of or Kwa remember our my city in Kwa
who are where are we again we're with
this girl again who is she she's
paos do you know what that means it's
such a beautiful world you want to see
what the hottest sexiest is doing you
want to see what she's doing she's using
her
mind to
design right that is what the medwa the
daughter of
ETS right that is what she is presented
as po
do you know who gets things done in
archaic Greece it's the
pooi those people are the ones the
designers the ones who really know that
art who really know it well and where do
you think she's coming from she's coming
from The Cult of Diana she's coming from
that Black Sea Diana she's coming from
that
turkey coming right out of turkey modern
day Turkey Asia Minor she's coming right
out of it we know she's there this
Huntress and the reason that we know she
is the leader of those
Muses is because she is that
e who is
providing for the
Eon those who have it in their eyes this
is a cult people and it's just cult
history and you've been staring at it in
the face you've been staring at it
people are beginning to notice did we do
that one people are beginning to notice
let's do the little final and the
knowledge is busting through we don't
have to do it right that's why they can
only come up with ad homm attacks right
we don't have to do it we've got to
decide tonight who goes into the
poophole right we know who do we put in
there who is the first who is the first
we'll get to it who is the first in the
Poole right it
was Jung right he's the founder of Poole
Dynasty right and then the Grim Brothers
we put Nancy Reagan in there we put Inky
D just so it would smell really bad
which by the way people by the
way the um please give yourself a chance
to sit down and read Z
gamesh and just put it next to Homer
just you know I don't know 10 lines put
it next to 10 lines of Homer and when
you see the difference then you come
back and you say you're right on mother
Greek mother Greek is so Superior mother
Greek is so strong and beautiful never a
language ever ever
existed that can even stand in her
Shadow the cretans are all
liars media is the most
beautiful oh God didn't you know Paul
the Apostle those words are on his
tongue because media put them there
media put him there one of those
witches that Bob wants to
burn
pistus this is Lucian
I now I know now what men must have felt
like when they saw the gorgon's
head I have just experienced the same
sensation at the sight of a most lovely
woman a little more and I should have
realized the legend by being turned to
stone I am Ben
numbed with
admiration why why do we want to bring
lady Babylon
back why is this the threat to Yahoo's
existence is this the threat to Jesus
Christ who tries to assume who tries to
assume the shape of the dawnbringer in
the
apocalypse why must the dawn Bringers
win because of her beauty
this is the story of the
cosmos this is your
initiation welcome the
music thank you for coming to a satanic
Christmas I'm going to end tonight by
warning you the future is
black but we will be there we will be
there
together hail Satan Hil Satan Kiss Bang
Bang do going do G riding in the blaze
through the Roman culture the drug the
government pulls strings with heroin and
cocaine follow the blame blame Satan
sees
everything Jesus the drug addict
maintain his habit through prostitution
and child trafficking you can't make
this [ __ ] up what you say in the Greek
BR lady babyon ride the Beast Raising
Cane my beat of D rise with the yeast
look up high you can see us flying by on
the's Magic Carpet we ride to that place
your favorite the Dark Harbor where the
ship said course wickedness was endorsed
I'm pushing up with horses of the
Apocalypse revealing the dark got this